<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>4th regular meeting &ndash; CAA/SSLA</title>
<meta name=description content="A special interest group of [CAA International](https://caa-international.org/) dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology."><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta charset=UTF-8><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.5.1/css/all.min.css integrity="sha512-DTOQO9RWCH3ppGqcWaEA1BIZOC6xxalwEsw9c2QQeAIftl+Vegovlnee1c9QX4TctnWMn13TZye+giMm8e2LwA==" crossorigin=anonymous referrerpolicy=no-referrer><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/academicons/1.9.4/css/academicons.min.css integrity="sha512-IW0nhlW5MgNydsXJO40En2EoCkTTjZhI3yuODrZIc8cQ4h1XcF53PsqDHa09NqnkXuIe0Oiyyj171BqZFwISBw==" crossorigin=anonymous referrerpolicy=no-referrer><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/palettes/caa-ssla.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/risotto.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/custom.css></head><body><div class=page><header class=page__header><nav class="page__nav main-nav"><ul><li class=nomarker><h1 class=page__logo><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/ class=page__logo-inner>CAA/SSLA</a></h1></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/about title>About</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/documents/ title=Documents>Documents</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/members/ title=Members>Members</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class="nav-main-item active" href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/ title=Minutes>Minutes</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/sessions/ title=Sessions>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><section class=page__body><header class=content__header><h1>4th regular meeting</h1></header><div class=content__body><p>8 ppl attended</p><h2 id=organisational-issues>Organisational issues</h2><ul><li>Twitter account experiences<ul><li>After an initial peak of activity the number of tweets and retweets is now slowly dying down. But we have 217 followers!</li><li>Everybody is very much invited to highlight observations that could be commented on or retweeted on the respective slack channel or the etherpad platform (<a href=https://etherpad.wikimedia.org/p/ssla-tweets>https://etherpad.wikimedia.org/p/ssla-tweets</a>)</li><li>The twitter team considers prescheduling regular tweets e.g. based on open-archeo (<a href=https://github.com/zackbatist/open-archaeo>https://github.com/zackbatist/open-archaeo</a>) or the ctv-archaeology (<a href=https://github.com/benmarwick/ctv-archaeology>https://github.com/benmarwick/ctv-archaeology</a>)</li></ul></li><li>Update of the homepage<ul><li>Joe Roe proposed an alternative setup with hugo</li><li>This setup is superior in terms of accessability for the disabled and has other technical advantages</li><li>Vote to switch to the new setup: 8/8 Yes</li><li>Joe will prepare the switch with a PR to the website repository</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=upcoming-conferences-meetings-and-sessions>Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions</h2><ul><li>CAA2021 Workshop<ul><li>Sophie Schmidt, Petr Pajdla and Clemens Schmid have prepared a general outline and the group agrees with it</li><li>The group highlights the importance of Git+Github, but agrees that it is going beyond the scope of this workshop. Collaborative work on code should be a topic for a workshop in the future</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=open-exchange-about-activities-and-software-updates>Open exchange about activities and software updates</h2><ul><li>List of upcoming conferences<ul><li>Martin Hinz prepared a prototype here: <a href=https://martinhinz.github.io/ssla_conf_list>https://martinhinz.github.io/ssla_conf_list</a></li><li>He will integrated this into the main website via PR at some point</li></ul></li><li>List of teaching materials<ul><li>This does not exist yet, but could be prepared in the future and would then be integrated into the website just as the list of conferences</li></ul></li><li>Upcoming talk at the Archaeological Information Interest Group: Building ARCS - The Archaeology Resource Cataloging System (<a href=https://utoronto.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZAof--hqzMiGNbmOi73WFet-G_cd_BgAJgo>https://utoronto.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZAof--hqzMiGNbmOi73WFet-G_cd_BgAJgo</a>)</li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting-friday-march-5-2021>Next meeting: Friday, March 5, 2021</h2></div><footer class=content__footer></footer></section><section class=page__aside><div class=aside__about><div class=aside__about><img class=about__logo src=https://sslarch.github.io/images/sig_ssla_logo.svg alt=Logo><h1 class=about__title>Scientific Scripting Languages in Archaeology</h1><p class=about__description>A special interest group of <a href=https://caa-international.org/>CAA International</a> dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology.</p></div><ul class=aside__social-links><li><a href=https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology rel=me aria-label="Mailing list" title="Mailing list"><i class="fas fa-envelope" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://github.com/sslarch rel=me aria-label="GitHub organisation" title="GitHub organisation"><i class="fab fa-github" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://twitter.com/caa_ssla rel=me aria-label="Tweet @caa_ssla" title="Tweet @caa_ssla"><i class="fab fa-twitter" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li></ul></div><hr><div class=aside__content><p>2021-02-02</p></div></section><footer class=page__footer><p><br><span class=active>$ echo $LANG<br><b></b></span><br></p><br><br><p class=copyright></p><p class=advertisement>Powered by <a href=https://gohugo.io/>hugo</a> and <a href=https://github.com/joeroe/risotto>risotto</a>.</p></footer></div></body></html>