---
title: "5th regular meeting"
date: 2021-03-05
---

7 ppl attended

## Organisational issues

- Twitter account update
  - According to the plans made during the last meeting, the twitter team followed a more strategic approach this month
  - This increased both activity and interaction with followers
  - The plan for the next months can be summarised as: More engagement and less promotion to act less as entertainers and more like moderators (for meaningful user-user interaction)
  - This will also include cooperation with <https://twitter.com/Rchaeology1>, who is working on a twitter list of archaeologists using R
- Update of the homepage
  - Joe did further work on the homepage frontend
  - The changes could be merged into the master branch immediately
  - Some details could be cleaned out in a group effort after this merge
  - State of the discussion: https://github.com/sslarch/sslarch.github.io/issues/9
- Mailinglist
  - Joining the google mailinglist required confirmation by administrators until now
  - We decided to abolish this to further lower the threshold of joining the group
- Meeting announcements
  - To make the meetings more visible, they should be announced in the future not only on the mailinglist, but also on slack and twitter

## Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions

- CAA2021
  - Both our session and our workshop only have 5 submissions right now, but we know of multiple more submissions to be handed in before the deadline (12th March 2021, 23:59 GMT)
  - The group should again invite to both sessions on all available channels
  - Providing the workshop behind the registration "paywall" of CAA2021 is not ideal, and we would like to share the material in an open context in the future

## Open exchange about activities and software updates

- Ordination and chronology
  - Martin Hinz would like to establish a small working group to discuss method development in that domain
  - Resources: (as spontaneously suggested by the group)
     - SPARTAAS R package: Statistical pattern recognition and dating using archaeological artefacts assemblages
     - Brunner et al. (2020) Central European Early Bronze Age chronology revisited: A Bayesian examination of large-scale radiocarbon dating. PLOS ONE 15(12): e0243719. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0243719
     - Ortman, Scott 2016. Uniform Probability Density Analysis and Population History in the Northern Rio Grande. Journal of Archaeological Method and Theory 23:95–12
     - Ortman et al. 2007 EMPIRICAL BAYESIAN METHODS FOR ARCHAEOLOGICAL SURVEY DATA: AN APPLICATION FROM THE MESA VERDE REGION. American Antiquity, 72(2), 2007, pp. 241-272
     - Krauß et al. 2017. “Chronology and Development of the Chalcolithic Necropolis of Varna I”. Documenta Praehistorica 44 (December), 282-305. https://doi.org/10.4312/dp.44.17.
- A new paper about software review in archaeology was pre-published recently
  - Review of archaeological software: Recommendations for the review of archaeological research software
  - https://www.dguf.de/fileadmin/AI/archinf-ev_homburg-etal_english.pdf

## Next meeting: Friday, April 9, 2021

  - The executive committee invited the "Little minions" (http://littleminions.link) group to join the next meeting and present their goals and vision

