---
title: "15th regular meeting"
date: 2022-01-10
---

7 ppl attended

## Organisational matters

- We moved to the VoIP software zoom for our meetings after various technical difficulties with jitsi in the last meeting. Internet connection issues in this meeting again caused problems, though.

## Conferences, meetings and sessions

- International Mountain Conference 2022 (11.09. to 15.09.): Francesco Carrer hosts the session [ID20: Geospatial technologies in mountain archaeology](https://www.imc2022.info/portfolio/id20-geospatial-technologies-in-mountain-archaeology) and invited us to submit papers.
- CAA2022 (09.08. - 11.08.): We discussed if and how the SIG should participate and came up with two events, which should generally cover the topics collaborative working, community building, commons & codes of conduct within the archaeological, scientific community and how modern, digital tools can help. As the Call for Sessions closes on the 17th, we will have to hurry with our abstracts.
    - A workshop could provide a practical introduction to Git, GitHub and other related tools. Sophie Schmidt and Clemens Schmid want to prepare that -- others are very welcome to join (Petr?).
    - A session with lightning talks and group discussion could collect and discuss options and challenges in that domain. Martin Hinz and Florian Thiery will spearhead that. If you're interested to join, please take a look into the new Slack channel #caa2022session.

## Show and tell

- Francesco Carrer presented the idea and the code for his paper: [The application of Local Indicators for Categorical Data (LICD) to explore spatial dependence in archaeological spaces](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jas.2020.105306)
    - The code for the paper is available [here](https://github.com/rsbivand/LICD_article), including a reference implementation of the core algorithm.
    - This code went through professional [code review/replication](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4279275) by the CODECHECK initiative. This could be an interesting option for many of us.

## Next meeting: Monday, February 7, 2022
