---
title: "47th regular meeting"
date: 2025-05-02
---

6 ppl attended

## ESTER-project by Martin:
- <https://ester-project.org/>
- will start in September in Kiel
- aims to calculate population densities with Bayesian statistics
- his job advert has been prolonged to end of May: <https://ester-project.org/2025/05/01/were-hiring-join-the-ester-project-team/>

## CAA:
- meeting of SIG boards/representatives may not take place (SSLA seem to the most continouus active)

- SIG SSLA meeting at CAA on Wednesday evening
  - place: <https://maps.app.goo.gl/shwMwuVhJWyVg6bE6>
  - after conference AGM
  - time: 7:30 pm

- CAA 2026 probably in Vienna (online poll, was only option)

- Lisa Steinmanns talk about APIs at DAI will be interesting, focused on showcasing what hopefully will happen with API-access

## Updates regarding next meetings:

- Zack will take over the Summer Meetings June-August
    - do we want to change date / time?
        - Matteo would like to do another day than Friday in June
        - Shawn needs to reply, whether he has time on Friday
        - Martin forwards the email to Zack, who then can continue discussion

    - do a poll for July

- meeting after summer:
    - Emily Coco in September
    - Gabriele in October: MAPA project (AI related)

- idea: do another joint SIG meeting?
    - maybe if there's a SIG heads meeting, we can discuss this for a late summer meeting
    - (we had a meeting with Little Minions and a meeting with Rchaeology)

## Discussion:
- paper about maintenance of open source code: <https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.18971>

    - epidemiology / biology: baseline for coding known by many, but doesn't mean it is maintained.
    - archaeology has maybe more of an attitude based on sharing code and data (because all is modelling anyway)
    - linked to expectation of being picked up by industry
        - Zack: Canada happens rarely, but sometimes there is a spin off from research that works with the code developed from research

- archeo riddle: paper is out now: <https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0305440325000287>
    - sadly only 5 participants
    - the idea was great, we should have this more often

- Maybe we could have some kind of competition or interaction like this as well?

  - examples
        - Shawn Graham: epoisien - competition and DH awards: <https://carleton.ca/history/2016/open-context-carleton-prize-archaeological-visualization/>
        - 2019 Krakau CAA: tried to do a Hackathon, turned into a basic R lesson

  - Matteo would like to do a Hackaton, but lacks ideas
  - Zack: maybe a semester-long re-use project, or "open science fair" ?
  - Matteo: idea to create a wrapper for a tool, so others can use it in their preferred language
  - Zack: Hackaton for one week is commitment heavy and stressfull
  - Matteo: tag-along for people who know one scripting language (R or python) and transfer one package into another, together (cross-pollination of R and python)

  - advent of code: gives challenges for each day of the advent
        - Matteo has done it one year, it would be fun to do it in a group
        - <https://adventofcode.com/2024/about>
        - probably hasn't been done in archaeology yet
        - could also be a challenge to try the challenge in a language you are not familiar with

   - Code Wars: <https://www.codewars.com/>
        - tiny and playful tasks
        - could be a cool resource to transfer ideas from

- maybe discuss these ideas over summer?

## next meeting
- organised by Zack
- talk by Shawn in June
- date to be announced
