---
title: "52nd regular meeting"
date: 2025-12-05
---

8 ppl attended

## General exchange

- Update TFQA revival project: <https://github.com/sslarch/tfqar>, <https://github.com/jallison7/LDen>. James Allison plans to work on data output for the spatial analysis code at the beginning of the next year. SIG members have offered to help with concrete tasks when they emerge.
- Petition to formally recognize work on open source (software) as volunteering in Germany: <https://www.openpetition.de/petition/online/recognition-of-work-on-open-source-as-volunteering-in-germany>.
- Matteo Tomasini will offer a workshop at CAA2026 about code review and best practices in computational data analysis.

## Maintainathon

- Idea, as proposed by Zack Batist: Social-media event to promote good practice and highlight the hidden labour involved in maintaining code.
- Inspiration: Inktober (<https://inktober.com>), Advent of Code (<https://adventofcode.com>), nanowrimo (<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Novel_Writing_Month>), Dark Sky Week (<https://idsw.darksky.org>).
- Vibe: Doing a little is better than doing nothing.
- Concrete implementation details as discussed in the meeting:
  - We want to focus on only one week: 12th-16th of January. Not the entire month, as previously suggested.
  - We will help Zack to complete the website content, as drafted here: <https://md.archaeo.dev/zQnT2XfxSD-FTqsPzxF7Xw?both#>. Multiple SIG members offered to fill in gaps in the short advisory text segments proposed there. Website repository: <https://github.com/sslarch/maintainathon>.
  - We want to coordinate more in our SIG SSLA meeting on the 9th, shortly before the event.
  - Interested SIG members should join the discussion at <https://matrix.to/#/!bKhzJkbuefJktTjGKj:archaeo.social>.

## Next SIG Meeting: Friday, January 9, 2026

- We will devote some time to prepare the upcoming Maintainathon event.

