---
title: "44th regular meeting"
date: 2025-02-07
---

5 ppl attended

## Social Media

- archaeo.social
  - https://chat.archaeo.social (maintained by Joe Roe and Zack Batist) keeps growing, with more working groups using it (e.g. HAAM - https://haam-community.github.io, SPAAM - https://www.spaam-community.org)
  - The financial costs to maintain and extend the mastodon and matrix servers currently exceed the level of donations
  - Users should consider donating: https://opencollective.com/archaeosocial
  - Potential questions from the SIG SSLA to the CAA:
    - (1) Could the CAA suport the SIG financially to enable us to donate to archaeo.social?
    - (2) Would the CAA itself be interested in using chat.archaeo.social?
  - (2) must first be discussed with Joe: The growth of archaeo.social comes with technical and social (legal?) challenges, e.g. because of content moderation

- bluesky
  - Thanks to Sophie Schmidt the SIG-SSLA mastodon account is now bridged to bluesky and can be followed there: https://bsky.app/profile/CAA-SSLA.archaeo.social.ap.brid.gy
  - James Allison has added the account to two "starter pack" lists, so that new bluesky users can more easily follow the SIG SSLA account

## CAA2025 Conference

- SIG Session
  - The SIG session (https://2025.caaconference.org/call-for-papers/session-list/#S52) was blessed with five solid submissions
- Informal meetings
  - We would like to organise a little informal get-together for SIG members at one evening (as usual)
  - Idea: We could also meet with other SIGs at the conference to extend our network and exchange some ideas how SIGs can keep the fire burning. Martin Hinz will contact the other SIG boards to see if they are interested

## SIG Organisation

- Meeting date
  - We want to organise surveys for the meeting date frequently - maybe twice a year
  - The next survey should include all weeks of the month, not just the first
- Maintenance tasks
  - SIG and SIG-affiliated projects like the [didactic map](https://sslarch.github.io/MapofComputationalArchaeology) or the [list of diamond open access journals](https://diamond.open-archaeo.info) require frequent maintenance
  - This is currently done mostly by a small number of active SIG members
  - Idea: We could formally define some maintenance roles in our organisational structure to involve more people, share the burden, and create incentives to join our meetings
- Invited speakers
  - Martin Hinz will contact Shawn Graham or Emily Coco if they have time to present at our march meeting (see the last meeting's minutes)

## Next SIG Meeting: Wednesday, March 7, 2025
