---
title: "53rd regular meeting"
date: 2026-01-09
---

7 ppl attended

## Maintainathon (12-16 January 2026)

- The upcoming Maintainathon event was the central topic of this meeting.
- Motivation and goals:
  - Promote best practices in computational archaeology and the wider research software community.
  - Encourage archaeologists to adopt sustainable coding habits.
  - Demystify maintenance and highlight that even small contributions matter for better accessibility.
- Website and resources:
  - <https://sslarch.github.io/maintainathon> (repository: <https://github.com/sslarch/maintainathon>)
  - Main content so far is the resources page at <https://sslarch.github.io/maintainathon/resources.html>
- Social media strategy:
  - Frequent posts during the event through the SIG SSLA Mastodon account (mainly controlled by Zack Batist, with support from other SIG membergs).
  - The SIG SSLA mastodon account is bridged to Bluesky. Matteo Tomasini checks he bridge account in case questions/discussions emerge on Bluesky.
  - All SIG members are encouraged to check Mastodon daily, post, reblog posts, and generally amplify the event!
  - Topics to post about (some SIG members already announced what they want to work on):
    - Highlights from the Maintainathon resources (will be covered by the SIG SSLA account)
    - The upcoming SIG-related CAA2026 workshops:
      - "From Zero to Plotting: R for Anyone" (organised by Petr Pajdla)
      - "Code review and best practices in programming" (organised by Matteo Tomasini)
      - see <https://2026.caaconference.org/workshops-2>
    - Creating or updating roadmaps and README files
    - Removing old and unused dependencies
    - Adding .cff files to repositories (Sophie Schmidt)
    - aoristAAR updates (Martin Hinz)
    - New blog posts (Clemens Schmid)
- Suggested hashtags:
  - #DigiArchMaintainathon (!)
  - #DigitalArchaeology
  - #ComputationalArchaeology
  - #maintainathon
- To promote the event even before the week starts we want to reach out to the Digital Archaeology Discord and the archaeo.social matrix chat.

## Ideas for invited speakers for SIG SSLA meetings in 2026

- Possible overarching themes:
  - Open Source
  - Open Science
  - Agent-based modelling
  - Data storytelling / narrative approaches
  - Digital infrastructure and long-term preservation
- Brainstorming for potential speakers:
  - Mark Lake: <https://profiles.ucl.ac.uk/8693-mark-lake>
  - Sarah & Eric Cansa, Paulina Przystupa (Open Context): <https://opencontext.org/about/people>
  - Dries Daems (NASSA): <https://archaeology-abm.github.io/NASSA-hub>
  - Mike Barton (CoMSES Network): <https://www.comses.net>
  - Any of the contributors of <https://zenodo.org/records/10806319>
  - tDAR project members <https://core.tdar.org>

## Next SIG Meeting: Friday, February 6, 2026
