<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>37th regular meeting &ndash; CAA/SSLA</title>
<meta name=description content="A special interest group of [CAA International](https://caa-international.org/) dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology."><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta charset=UTF-8><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.5.1/css/all.min.css integrity="sha512-DTOQO9RWCH3ppGqcWaEA1BIZOC6xxalwEsw9c2QQeAIftl+Vegovlnee1c9QX4TctnWMn13TZye+giMm8e2LwA==" crossorigin=anonymous referrerpolicy=no-referrer><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/academicons/1.9.4/css/academicons.min.css integrity="sha512-IW0nhlW5MgNydsXJO40En2EoCkTTjZhI3yuODrZIc8cQ4h1XcF53PsqDHa09NqnkXuIe0Oiyyj171BqZFwISBw==" crossorigin=anonymous referrerpolicy=no-referrer><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/palettes/caa-ssla.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/risotto.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/custom.css></head><body><div class=page><header class=page__header><nav class="page__nav main-nav"><ul><li class=nomarker><h1 class=page__logo><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/ class=page__logo-inner>CAA/SSLA</a></h1></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/about title>About</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/documents/ title=Documents>Documents</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/members/ title=Members>Members</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class="nav-main-item active" href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/ title=Minutes>Minutes</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/sessions/ title=Sessions>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><section class=page__body><header class=content__header><h1>37th regular meeting</h1></header><div class=content__body><p>9 ppl were present</p><h2 id=open-exchange>Open Exchange</h2><ul><li>John Aycock will give a talk on tuesday on archaeogaming: <a href=https://www.sas.ac.uk/events/archaeogaming-antics-computer-science-meets-archaeology>https://www.sas.ac.uk/events/archaeogaming-antics-computer-science-meets-archaeology</a>, London time zone 4-5pm</li><li>New ggplot2 release 3.5.0: <a href=https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2024/02/ggplot2-3-5-0/>https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2024/02/ggplot2-3-5-0/</a><ul><li>changes implementation of legends and may break code</li></ul></li><li>Job postings for ADS positions: <a href=https://archaeo.social/@BlckheathHopper/112004422203426152>https://archaeo.social/@BlckheathHopper/112004422203426152</a></li><li>Clarivate&rsquo;s Web of Science and JOSS (Journal of Open Source Software, minimal review process on Github, 2-page introductions to software, nice to have something to cite) - dispute: <a href=https://neuromatch.social/@jonny/112012152112087956>https://neuromatch.social/@jonny/112012152112087956</a></li><li>Short update on French CAA chapter: sounds good, says Julian Laabs</li><li>MOSAIC summer school 2024: no news yet?</li><li>James Allison on EAA chapter of SIG interest: 9 papers submitted, 8 accepted<ul><li>The organizers have not yet decided whether there will be an open space for spontanously presenting during the session (similar to the Little Minion sessions at CAA)</li><li>At EAA everyone may only present one main-author presentation, so these short elevator pitches might be great as a second minor presentation</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=survey-on-sig-presentations-and-projects>Survey on SIG presentations and projects</h2><ul><li>We will ask Nicolas Frerebreau first, then Shawn Graham, JÃ¶rg Baten and Daniel Kondor</li><li>We will aks Nicolas to join us for the May meeting and see how it goes from there</li><li>Winner for SIG project: Make old software useful again<ul><li>e.g. <a href=https://github.com/sslarch/tfqar>https://github.com/sslarch/tfqar</a></li><li>James Allison has some old software in Turbo Pascal (<a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_Pascal>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_Pascal</a>)</li><li>There might be automatic code translation programs already implemented, depends on the pascal version</li><li>Maybe LLMs could be useful, but buggy - sometimes helpful, sometimes take longer than to do it by hand</li><li>How do we get more concrete with this idea?<ul><li>Gather project ideas and use a meeting to pitch them, then decide together which ones might be interesting for enough for ppl to create a working group</li><li>The result does not need to be an R package</li><li>@Everyone: please look for fitting little programs we could work on</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=map-of-computational-archaeology-teaching-material>Map of Computational Archaeology Teaching Material</h2><ul><li>The map could be a bit more interesting, so more worthwhile to re-visit.</li><li>Ideas to achieve that:<ul><li>Automatically query papers for key words relating to the topics on the map?<ul><li>Ben Marwick&rsquo;s automated R Archaeology paper bot did something similar? -> Is he still maintaing that? <a href=https://github.com/benmarwick/ctv-archaeology/blob/master/README.md#publications-that-include-r-code>https://github.com/benmarwick/ctv-archaeology/blob/master/README.md#publications-that-include-r-code</a></li></ul></li><li>Highlight some specific, particularly good materials? Could help ppl to choose where to start?</li><li>Re-toot the map regularly to remind ppl and invite them to add material<ul><li>Easy to do this automatically every time the map is updated for mastodon -> but this depends on ppl adding new material in the first place</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting-3rd-april-2024>next meeting: 3rd April 2024</h2></div><footer class=content__footer></footer></section><section class=page__aside><div class=aside__about><div class=aside__about><img class=about__logo src=https://sslarch.github.io/images/sig_ssla_logo.svg alt=Logo><h1 class=about__title>Scientific Scripting Languages in Archaeology</h1><p class=about__description>A special interest group of <a href=https://caa-international.org/>CAA International</a> dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology.</p></div><ul class=aside__social-links><li><a href=https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology rel=me aria-label="Mailing list" title="Mailing list"><i class="fas fa-envelope" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://github.com/sslarch rel=me aria-label="GitHub organisation" title="GitHub organisation"><i class="fab fa-github" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://archaeo.social/@CAA_SSLA rel=me aria-label="Toot @CAA_SSLA" title="Toot @CAA_SSLA"><i class="fab fa-mastodon" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://twitter.com/caa_ssla rel=me aria-label="Tweet @caa_ssla" title="Tweet @caa_ssla"><i class="fab fa-twitter" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li></ul></div><hr><div class=aside__content><p>2024-03-06</p></div></section><footer class=page__footer><p><br><span class=active>$ echo $LANG<br><b></b></span><br></p><br><br><p class=copyright></p><p class=advertisement>Powered by <a href=https://gohugo.io/>hugo</a> and <a href=https://github.com/joeroe/risotto>risotto</a>.</p></footer></div></body></html>