<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>26th regular meeting &ndash; CAA/SSLA</title>
<meta name=description content="A special interest group of [CAA International](https://caa-international.org/) dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology."><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta charset=UTF-8><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.5.1/css/all.min.css integrity="sha512-DTOQO9RWCH3ppGqcWaEA1BIZOC6xxalwEsw9c2QQeAIftl+Vegovlnee1c9QX4TctnWMn13TZye+giMm8e2LwA==" crossorigin=anonymous referrerpolicy=no-referrer><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/academicons/1.9.4/css/academicons.min.css integrity="sha512-IW0nhlW5MgNydsXJO40En2EoCkTTjZhI3yuODrZIc8cQ4h1XcF53PsqDHa09NqnkXuIe0Oiyyj171BqZFwISBw==" crossorigin=anonymous referrerpolicy=no-referrer><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/palettes/caa-ssla.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/risotto.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/custom.css></head><body><div class=page><header class=page__header><nav class="page__nav main-nav"><ul><li class=nomarker><h1 class=page__logo><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/ class=page__logo-inner>CAA/SSLA</a></h1></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/about title>About</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/documents/ title=Documents>Documents</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/members/ title=Members>Members</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class="nav-main-item active" href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/ title=Minutes>Minutes</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/sessions/ title=Sessions>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><section class=page__body><header class=content__header><h1>26th regular meeting</h1></header><div class=content__body><p>3 ppl attended (Board Meeting)</p><h2 id=administrative-matters>Administrative matters</h2><ul><li>Twitter/Mastodon: A Mastodon account is preferable, if possible via <a href=https://archaeo.social>https://archaeo.social</a>. In the future, both channels should be used in parallel for the moment. Ideally, a common interface should be found to avoid duplicating workflows. Automatisms should be considered and implemented, e.g. when a new protocol is published.</li><li>Matrix: If possible and provided, the internal communication channel should be moved from Slack to Matrix. The implementation of the move will be communicated on Slack and in the mailing list.</li><li>Dates for monthly meeting: The day of the week and time should be adjusted to the new circumstances of the new semester. A corresponding survey will be sent out to the members via Doodle.</li><li>Meetings with Presentations: In general, the format was found to be good. However, we want to increase the participation of the audience. Therefore, this format will now only be held 4 times a year. We will invite more topic-specifically and less according to the current publication situation. A topic for the next invitation would be Quarto. Suggestions for topics are gladly accepted!</li><li>Meetings without Presentations: It was noted that there was not enough space for general exchange. We will try to give more opportunities here, and perhaps stimulate this with current papers. However, we also hope that the members will then support this exchange and enrich it with contributions.</li></ul><h2 id=conferences-meetings-and-sessions>Conferences, meetings and sessions</h2><ul><li>CAA Amsterdam: We are planning a Meet, Greet and Drink. Tuesday or Thursday. We will find out an appropriate location.</li></ul><h2 id=sig-activities>SIG activities</h2><ul><li>Software Reviews: This would be a possible SIG activity for this year. We will informally compile a list of software worthy of review and see if this is of interest.</li><li>Teaching: Workshops and tutorials already held by the SIG at CAA meetings should continue to be used in the long term. Therefore, these should be made available to the general public in revised form as teaching material, e.g. as blogposts.</li><li>Questionnaire to the entire CAA: In order to better identify needs regarding scripting languages, we are striving to create a questionnaire in this regard and send it to all CAA members via the CAA channels. This would be a project for 3 meetings.</li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting-monday-february-6-2023>Next Meeting: Monday, February 6, 2023</h2></div><footer class=content__footer></footer></section><section class=page__aside><div class=aside__about><div class=aside__about><img class=about__logo src=https://sslarch.github.io/images/sig_ssla_logo.svg alt=Logo><h1 class=about__title>Scientific Scripting Languages in Archaeology</h1><p class=about__description>A special interest group of <a href=https://caa-international.org/>CAA International</a> dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology.</p></div><ul class=aside__social-links><li><a href=https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology rel=me aria-label="Mailing list" title="Mailing list"><i class="fas fa-envelope" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://github.com/sslarch rel=me aria-label="GitHub organisation" title="GitHub organisation"><i class="fab fa-github" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://archaeo.social/@CAA_SSLA rel=me aria-label="Toot @CAA_SSLA" title="Toot @CAA_SSLA"><i class="fab fa-mastodon" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://twitter.com/caa_ssla rel=me aria-label="Tweet @caa_ssla" title="Tweet @caa_ssla"><i class="fab fa-twitter" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li></ul></div><hr><div class=aside__content><p>2023-01-09</p></div></section><footer class=page__footer><p><br><span class=active>$ echo $LANG<br><b></b></span><br></p><br><br><p class=copyright></p><p class=advertisement>Powered by <a href=https://gohugo.io/>hugo</a> and <a href=https://github.com/joeroe/risotto>risotto</a>.</p></footer></div></body></html>