<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>5th regular meeting &ndash; CAA/SSLA</title><meta name=description content="A special interest group of [CAA International](https://caa-international.org/) dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology."><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/5.15.2/css/all.min.css integrity="sha512-HK5fgLBL+xu6dm/Ii3z4xhlSUyZgTT9tuc/hSrtw6uzJOvgRr2a9jyxxT1ely+B+xFAmJKVSTbpM/CuL7qxO8w==" crossorigin=anonymous><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/academicons/1.9.1/css/academicons.min.css integrity="sha512-b1ASx0WHgVFL5ZQhTgiPWX+68KjS38Jk87jg7pe+qC7q9YkEtFq0z7xCglv7qGIs/68d3mAp+StfC8WKC5SSAg==" crossorigin=anonymous><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/css/colour/caa-ssla.css><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/css/colour/dark-mode.css><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/css/risotto.css><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/css/custom.css></head><body><div class=page><header class=page__header><h1 class=page__logo><a href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/ class=page__logo-inner>CAA/SSLA</a></h1><nav class="page__nav main-nav"><ul><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/sslarch.github.io/about title>About</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/sslarch.github.io/documents/ title=Documents>Documents</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/sslarch.github.io/members/ title=Members>Members</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class="nav-main-item active" href=/sslarch.github.io/minutes/ title=Minutes>Minutes</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/sslarch.github.io/sessions/ title=Sessions>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><section class=page__body><header class=content__header><h1>5th regular meeting</h1></header><div class=content__body><p>7 ppl attended</p><h2 id=organisational-issues>Organisational issues</h2><ul><li>Twitter account update<ul><li>According to the plans made during the last meeting, the twitter team followed a more strategic approach this month</li><li>This increased both activity and interaction with followers</li><li>The plan for the next months can be summarised as: More engagement and less promotion to act less as entertainers and more like moderators (for meaningful user-user interaction)</li><li>This will also include cooperation with <a href=https://twitter.com/Rchaeology1>https://twitter.com/Rchaeology1</a>, who is working on a twitter list of archaeologists using R</li></ul></li><li>Update of the homepage<ul><li>Joe did further work on the homepage frontend</li><li>The changes could be merged into the master branch immediately</li><li>Some details could be cleaned out in a group effort after this merge</li><li>State of the discussion: <a href=https://github.com/sslarch/sslarch.github.io/issues/9>https://github.com/sslarch/sslarch.github.io/issues/9</a></li></ul></li><li>Mailinglist<ul><li>Joining the google mailinglist required confirmation by administrators until now</li><li>We decided to abolish this to further lower the threshold of joining the group</li></ul></li><li>Meeting announcements<ul><li>To make the meetings more visible, they should be announced in the future not only on the mailinglist, but also on slack and twitter</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=upcoming-conferences-meetings-and-sessions>Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions</h2><ul><li>CAA2021<ul><li>Both our session and our workshop only have 5 submissions right now, but we know of multiple more submissions to be handed in before the deadline (12th March 2021, 23:59 GMT)</li><li>The group should again invite to both sessions on all available channels</li><li>Providing the workshop behind the registration &ldquo;paywall&rdquo; of CAA2021 is not ideal, and we would like to share the material in an open context in the future</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=open-exchange-about-activities-and-software-updates>Open exchange about activities and software updates</h2><ul><li>Ordination and chronology<ul><li>Martin Hinz would like to establish a small working group to discuss method development in that domain</li><li>Resources: (as spontaneously suggested by the group)<ul><li>SPARTAAS R package: Statistical pattern recognition and dating using archaeological artefacts assemblages</li><li>Brunner et al. (2020) Central European Early Bronze Age chronology revisited: A Bayesian examination of large-scale radiocarbon dating. PLOS ONE 15(12): e0243719. <a href=https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0243719>https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0243719</a></li><li>Ortman, Scott 2016. Uniform Probability Density Analysis and Population History in the Northern Rio Grande. Journal of Archaeological Method and Theory 23:95–12</li><li>Ortman et al. 2007 EMPIRICAL BAYESIAN METHODS FOR ARCHAEOLOGICAL SURVEY DATA: AN APPLICATION FROM THE MESA VERDE REGION. American Antiquity, 72(2), 2007, pp. 241-272</li><li>Krauß et al. 2017. “Chronology and Development of the Chalcolithic Necropolis of Varna I”. Documenta Praehistorica 44 (December), 282-305. <a href=https://doi.org/10.4312/dp.44.17>https://doi.org/10.4312/dp.44.17</a>.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>A new paper about software review in archaeology was pre-published recently<ul><li>Review of archaeological software: Recommendations for the review of archaeological research software</li><li><a href=https://www.dguf.de/fileadmin/AI/archinf-ev_homburg-etal_english.pdf>https://www.dguf.de/fileadmin/AI/archinf-ev_homburg-etal_english.pdf</a></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting-friday-april-9-2021>Next meeting: Friday, April 9, 2021</h2><ul><li>The executive committee invited the &ldquo;Little minions&rdquo; (<a href=http://littleminions.link>http://littleminions.link</a>) group to join the next meeting and present their goals and vision</li></ul></div><footer class=content__footer></footer></section><section class=page__aside><div class=aside__about><div class=aside__about><img class=about__logo src=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/images/sig_ssla_logo.svg alt=Logo><h1 class=about__title>Scientific Scripting Languages in Archaeology</h1><p class=about__description>A special interest group of <a href=https://caa-international.org/>CAA International</a> dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology.</p></div><ul class=aside__social-links><li><a href=https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology rel=me aria-label="Mailing list" title="Mailing list"><i class="fas fa-envelope" aria-hidden=true></i></a>
&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://github.com/sslarch rel=me aria-label="GitHub organisation" title="GitHub organisation"><i class="fab fa-github" aria-hidden=true></i></a>
&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://twitter.com/caa_ssla rel=me aria-label="Tweet @caa_ssla" title="Tweet @caa_ssla"><i class="fab fa-twitter" aria-hidden=true></i></a>
&nbsp;</li></ul></div><hr><div class=aside__content><p></p><p>By , 5 March 2021</p></div></section><footer class=page__footer><p class=copyright></p><p class=advertisement>Powered by <a href=https://gohugo.io/>hugo</a> and <a href=https://github.org/joeroe/risotto>risotto</a>.</p></footer></div></body></html>