<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>17th regular meeting &ndash; CAA/SSLA</title><meta name=description content="A special interest group of [CAA International](https://caa-international.org/) dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology."><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta charset=utf-8><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.1.2/css/all.min.css integrity="sha512-1sCRPdkRXhBV2PBLUdRb4tMg1w2YPf37qatUFeS7zlBy7jJI8Lf4VHwWfZZfpXtYSLy85pkm9GaYVYMfw5BC1A==" crossorigin=anonymous><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/academicons/1.9.1/css/academicons.min.css integrity="sha512-b1ASx0WHgVFL5ZQhTgiPWX+68KjS38Jk87jg7pe+qC7q9YkEtFq0z7xCglv7qGIs/68d3mAp+StfC8WKC5SSAg==" crossorigin=anonymous><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/palettes/caa-ssla.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/risotto.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/custom.css></head><body><div class=page><header class=page__header><h1 class=page__logo><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/ class=page__logo-inner>CAA/SSLA</a></h1><nav class="page__nav main-nav"><ul><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/about title>About</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/documents/ title=Documents>Documents</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/members/ title=Members>Members</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class="nav-main-item active" href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/ title=Minutes>Minutes</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=https://sslarch.github.io/sessions/ title=Sessions>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><section class=page__body><header class=content__header><h1>17th regular meeting</h1></header><div class=content__body><p>9 ppl attended</p><h2 id=organisational-matters>Organisational matters</h2><ul><li>Discussion on structure and content of the regular SIG-SSLA meetings<ul><li>Ideas in the conversation<ul><li>The current monday date is an issue for some people, but there is no obvious need for another meeting time survey</li><li>The SIG-SSLA meeting will most likely always stay a rather small event, due to the limited total size of the computational archaeology community<ul><li>The group&rsquo;s practical activitis should be more of a focus: e.g. Martin Hinz&rsquo;s text book project or the teaching material list</li><li>The Show&Tell presentations are a clear pull-factor, that should be emphasized</li></ul></li><li>Concrete decisions<ul><li>We want to put more focus on the Show&Tell section:<ul><li>They will be repositioned to happen at the beginning of the meetings</li><li>We will explicitly invite authors of (recently) published papers to present their work (Ben Marwick&rsquo;s CTV has a section with <a href=https://github.com/benmarwick/ctv-archaeology#publications-that-include-r-code>relevant papers</a>)</li><li>The presentations should still be small, informal lightning talks with a focus on hands-on exploration of the code in a given paper</li></ul></li><li>We want to experiment with an alternating structure, where we switch between more Show&Tell-focused and more project work-focused meetings</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=conferences-meetings-and-sessions>Conferences, meetings and sessions</h2><ul><li>CAA2022: Deadline for the CfP is March 21st. Everybody is invited to join the SIG-SSLA workshop or submit a paper to the related session</li><li>ArchaeoFOSS2022: The Call for Panels <a href=https://www.archeofoss.org/2022/call-for-panels>is open</a></li></ul><h2 id=sig-activities>SIG activities</h2><ul><li>Klassifikator project (Sophie Schmidt, Martin Hinz, et al.)<ul><li>Teaching material for classification methods in archaeology: <a href=https://gitlab.com/oliver.nakoinz/klassifikator>https://gitlab.com/oliver.nakoinz/klassifikator</a></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=showtell>Show&Tell</h2><ul><li>Linked open pipes (Florian Thiery)<ul><li>Define and describe workflows and pipelines in and outside the Linked Open Data community: <a href=http://linkedpipes.xyz>http://linkedpipes.xyz</a></li><li>The slides for this presentation are available <a href=https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NSrEXxjLyJAA5IWU4KHHBn_g7geDbg49CinAZy_km6g>here</a></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting-monday-april-4-2022>Next meeting: Monday, April 4, 2022</h2><p>In the next meeting we will work together on the curated teaching material list. Please check the relevant slack channel before the meeting</p></div><footer class=content__footer></footer></section><section class=page__aside><div class=aside__about><div class=aside__about><img class=about__logo src=https://sslarch.github.io/images/sig_ssla_logo.svg alt=Logo><h1 class=about__title>Scientific Scripting Languages in Archaeology</h1><p class=about__description>A special interest group of <a href=https://caa-international.org/>CAA International</a> dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology.</p></div><ul class=aside__social-links><li><a href=https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology rel=me aria-label="Mailing list" title="Mailing list"><i class="fas fa-envelope" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://github.com/sslarch rel=me aria-label="GitHub organisation" title="GitHub organisation"><i class="fab fa-github" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://twitter.com/caa_ssla rel=me aria-label="Tweet @caa_ssla" title="Tweet @caa_ssla"><i class="fab fa-twitter" aria-hidden=true></i></a>&nbsp;</li></ul></div><hr><div class=aside__content><p>2022-03-07</p></div></section><footer class=page__footer><p></p><br><br><p class=copyright></p><p class=advertisement>Powered by <a href=https://gohugo.io/>hugo</a> and <a href=https://github.com/joeroe/risotto>risotto</a>.</p></footer></div></body></html>