<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>7th regular meeting &ndash; CAA/SSLA</title><meta name=description content="A special interest group of [CAA International](https://caa-international.org/) dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology."><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/5.15.2/css/all.min.css integrity="sha512-HK5fgLBL+xu6dm/Ii3z4xhlSUyZgTT9tuc/hSrtw6uzJOvgRr2a9jyxxT1ely+B+xFAmJKVSTbpM/CuL7qxO8w==" crossorigin=anonymous><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/academicons/1.9.1/css/academicons.min.css integrity="sha512-b1ASx0WHgVFL5ZQhTgiPWX+68KjS38Jk87jg7pe+qC7q9YkEtFq0z7xCglv7qGIs/68d3mAp+StfC8WKC5SSAg==" crossorigin=anonymous><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/colour/caa-ssla.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/colour/dark-mode.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/risotto.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/css/custom.css></head><body><div class=page><header class=page__header><h1 class=page__logo><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/ class=page__logo-inner>CAA/SSLA</a></h1><nav class="page__nav main-nav"><ul><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/about title>About</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/documents/ title=Documents>Documents</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/members/ title=Members>Members</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class="nav-main-item active" href=/minutes/ title=Minutes>Minutes</a></li><li class=main-nav__item><a class=nav-main-item href=/sessions/ title=Sessions>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><section class=page__body><header class=content__header><h1>7th regular meeting</h1></header><div class=content__body><p>6 ppl attended</p><h2 id=organisational-issues>Organisational issues</h2><ul><li>Twitter account <a href=https://twitter.com/CAA_SSLA>@CAA-SSLA</a><ul><li>Is still very actively maintained</li><li>The Twitter subcommittee will have another organisational meeting soon</li><li>As usual everybody is invited to join (contact via Slack channel)</li></ul></li><li>Slack workspace <a href=sslarchworkspace.slack.com>sslarch</a><ul><li>There is not too much activity in the open channels, but many use the workspace for peer-to-peer communcation or discussions among smaller groups</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=upcoming-conferences-meetings-and-sessions>Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions</h2><ul><li>CAA2021<ul><li>The current conference schedule has some drawbacks - we hope for an updated version that does not split our <a href=https://github.com/sslarch/caa2021_packages>S17</a> over two days</li><li>Workshop <a href=https://github.com/sslarch/caa2021_Rpackage_workshop>S31</a><ul><li>Sophie Schmidt, Petr Pajdla and Clemens Schmid will soon meet to define the exact outline of the workshop</li><li>Multiple other SIG members offered to join the workshop as helpers and participants</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=open-exchange-about-activities-and-software-updates>Open exchange about activities and software updates</h2><ul><li><p>Extension <a href=https://open-archaeo.info/>OpenArchaeo</a> [SIG Project]</p><ul><li>Recent activity from external users introduced many software packages from archaeogenetics into the list</li><li>Similar extensions should be stimulated for other domains as well (e.g. Palaeoenvironment reconstruction, Compositional analysis, Aerial imaging)</li><li>This could work via explicit invitations to domain-specialists who also work with computer applications</li><li>Zack Batist already initiated the management of this SIG project in a slack channel (open-archaeo)</li></ul></li><li><p><a href=https://github.com/MartinHinz/smada2021>smada2021</a> book [SIG Project]</p><ul><li>Martin Hinz is working on an open, online text book: Statistical methods for archaeological data analysis</li><li>He would like to stimulate contributions from SIG members to finish and polish it</li><li>As soon as the draft for the last chapter is finished at the end of this semester, he wants to move the repo to the SIG Github organisation and prepare a list of specific issues where he would like to get input</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting-friday-june-4-2021>Next meeting: Friday, June 4, 2021</h2></div><footer class=content__footer></footer></section><section class=page__aside><div class=aside__about><div class=aside__about><img class=about__logo src=https://sslarch.github.io/images/sig_ssla_logo.svg alt=Logo><h1 class=about__title>Scientific Scripting Languages in Archaeology</h1><p class=about__description>A special interest group of <a href=https://caa-international.org/>CAA International</a> dedicated to scientific scripting languages in archaeology.</p></div><ul class=aside__social-links><li><a href=https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology rel=me aria-label="Mailing list" title="Mailing list"><i class="fas fa-envelope" aria-hidden=true></i></a>
&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://github.com/sslarch rel=me aria-label="GitHub organisation" title="GitHub organisation"><i class="fab fa-github" aria-hidden=true></i></a>
&nbsp;</li><li><a href=https://twitter.com/caa_ssla rel=me aria-label="Tweet @caa_ssla" title="Tweet @caa_ssla"><i class="fab fa-twitter" aria-hidden=true></i></a>
&nbsp;</li></ul></div><hr><div class=aside__content><p></p><p>By , 14 May 2021</p></div></section><footer class=page__footer><p class=copyright></p><p class=advertisement>Powered by <a href=https://gohugo.io/>hugo</a> and <a href=https://github.org/joeroe/risotto>risotto</a>.</p></footer></div></body></html>